Add IL2001-IL2060 trimmer warnings (#25842)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/trim-warnings/il2044.md

---
title: "IL2044: Could not find any type in a namespace specified in a descriptor file"
description: "Learn about trim warning IL2044: DescriptorNamespaceWithNoTypes"
ms.date: 08/25/2021
ms.topic: reference
author: mateoatr
ms.author: matorre
f1_keywords:
  - "IL2044"
---

> # IL2044: Could not find any type in a namespace specified in a descriptor file"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# IL2044: Could not find any type in a namespace specified in a descriptor file
```

## Cause

> Descriptor file specified a namespace which has no types in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The descriptor file specified a namespace that has no types in it.
```
